Since this file is used 1-indexed, this line is not used.
Dies ist ein Test. /a Dies ist ein Test. Dies ist ein Test. Dies ist ein Test. Dies ist ein Test. Dies ist ein Test. /z /z Dies ist ein Test. Dies ist ein Test. Dies ist ein Test. Dies ist ein Test. Dies ist ein Test. Dies ist ein Test. Dies ist ein Test. Dies ist ein Test. Dies ist ein Test.
Turn grid on
Turn grid off
This feature has not been included yet, unfortunately. Please wait for a future version of Landscape. The full range of features will be available at that time.
Opens the Action Menu
Closes the Action Menu
Search the surroundings
Cut tree
It's that late?
Eat and drink
Opens the Inventory
Closes the Inventory
.
Branch
Stone
After searching forever in the blazing sun, I found a branch-- exactly what I've been looking for. The search was worth it.
After digging around laboriously in the area, I found a beautiful branch. I'm carrying around so many branches already that I end up throwing it away.
In the tropical heat I looked more closely at the surrounding area these past few minutes. These beautiful stones caught my attention. I could use these three quite well and take them along.
YESSS!! Another stone!! I have plenty of them already in my pockets and decide to throw the extra stones into the sea (Hopefully I didn't hit a rescue ship with them!).
After looking through the area very closely, I managed to find absolutely nothing. 
Ax
There is neither anything to eat nor to drink here.
With great skill, I combined a stone with a branch and made an ax. With this, I'm now in a situation where I can prepare wood, for example:  chop down trees.
I bet I could build something else from a branch and a stone.
Unfortunately, there's nothing else that I can build with a stone and a branch.
I can't build anything sensible from these two things.  Maybe I could try a couple of other things?
Hmmmm, that's a big leaf! I could use that, I bet:  I'd better take it along just to be safe.  Who knows whether I'll ever come across something this unusual again?gYet another very rare leaf.  They show up quite frequently.  Therefore, I won't bother taking it along.
Leaf
I don't need any more tree trunks right now. 
Opens the Build Menu
Closes the Build Menu
Plow field
This area is not suitable, unfortunately.
After tying an oblong stone to a branch, the whole thing looks like a harrow or a hoe. With this, I should be able to cultivate a field so that I don't have rely upon looking for these tedious bushes.
Hoe
Day /a is over. Unfortunately, I haven't been successful in building a comfortable place to sleep.  Therefore, I have to sleep under the open sky tonight.  These wild animals won't leave me alone and my health has dropped to /b %. My chance of being rescued is /c %.
Finally, a ship!! Thanks to my intense efforts, I've been found and the ship has now dropped anchor at the island.  Should I leave this desolate island? /d 
Build tent
I don't have enough raw materials to build this.
There isn't a tree here.
Continue process
Interrupt process
Day /a is over now. Fortunately, I reached my tent on time, and the bats will leave my alone, at least. Unfortuantely, the wild animals are biting at my feet and my health has fallen to /b %. The chance of being rescued is /c %.
Sleep 1 hour
Plain
Sea
Beach
Quicksand
Damp plain
Tree
Field
Tent
Bush
with
Liana 
With a lot of effort, I've managed to tear off a liana from the tree. You can use lianas for many things.  Therefore, I'll take it and carry it with me right now.
Lianas aren't that useful now and I don't need to carry any more of them.
Rod
This thin, flexible branch and this liana have been combined to make an excellent fishing rod.  Finally, I don't have to live as a strict vegetarian and can try catching a few fat trout.
Fish
How can I fish here?
Dug-out
Build dug-out
Tree trunk
Go on/off board
Day /a is over now. It is pitch black.  I'm lost and will surely die.  Let that be a lesson to me. 
River
Build irrigation
Irrigation pipe
Tear down structure
There isn't any structure here to tear down.
Write S.O.S.
S.O.S.
This tree is a bit too big.
Build ladder for treehouse
Tree and ladder
Hammer
Build platform for treehouse
Tree and platform
Tree and treehouse
Build treehouse
Day /a is over now. I'm quite glad that I built this beautiful treehouse. The wild animals are leaving me alone now.  I'm sleeping very well and my health has risen to /b %. My chances of being saved are at /c %.
This tree is a bit too small.
Without a ladder, I can't build a platform.
I can only build a treehouse on a platform.
My chances of being saved today
Big tree
Bonfire
Pile up wood for bonfire
Smoke signal
Light bonfire
I can only light bonfires
Look for rescue ships
Telescope
Examine treasure map
Shovel
Matches
Dig for treasure
Hurrah!! I've found an old pirate treasure.  With my hopes set on a gigantic treasure, I opened the old, musty chest and found.... only a box of matches.  Well, I can't buy anything here, anyhow.
Although I dug around the entire area, I didn't find any treasure.  Perhaps I should first take a look at a treasure map.
Shipwreck
I searched the entire wreck.  After diving into the captain's cabin, I found this old telescope.  With this, I can be on the lookout for passing ships and the chances of being saved have risen. /z On the way out, I also found a hammer and a few nails from the ship's carpenter.  With these, I could build a more stable type of housing.
I'm in a mess now:  stranded on a lonely island out in the middle of the Pacific.  I'd better look for some fresh water and food as soon as possible.  Maybe I could build a few tools as well.
I searched all over the ground, but I didn't find anything of interest.
Treasure map
After diving into the ancient pirate ship without finding a single thing, suddenly I found the skeleton of the captain.  In his hand, he was holding a surprisingly well-preserved treasure map.  After taking it, I found a shovel and took that as well.  Now I can fill my idle time by searching for treasure!
Turn off water animation
Turn on water animation
I can't build anything else with a liana and a branch.
Slingshot
I can't think of anything else that I could build with a liana and a stone.
I made a knot and loop in the liana and now I can misuse it as a slingshot.  Just put a stone in the loop and I'll be able to go off on a hunt.  It seems as though there are only birds on this island in the daytime.  I should restrict myself to shooting them while they're in the trees.
There are no birds here.
Hunt for birds
It's too dangerous to go to sleep in this small boat.
The waves are too high to see anything.
5
I can only dig for treasure on an open and flat area.
I can only lay out fields on flat, damp, and open meadows.
I can build tents only on flat and open areas.
I can build boats only on an open beach.
I can build pipes only on flat and open areas.
I can only write SOS on a flat and open area.
I can only build bonfires on flat and open landscapes.	
I've built my first boat, a dug-out.  (To go on board or off board, click on the 'Anchor' button.)  I can only go off board when nothing else is in the way on the beach.  I should also keep my eye on the time, because I could never survive a night on the high seas.
My first field is ready.  The grain will grow on its own and when it turns yellow, I will be able to eat it. 
I've built this huge pile of wood for a bonfire, but how can I light it?  The fire would burn for quite a while and would increase my chances of being rescued.  The higher that the bonfire is located, the better.
My treehouse is finally finished.  I can go to sleep here at any time and recover my health.  If I want to spend the night here, I should be in this immediate area by 1800 hours (6 p.m.), before it gets dark.
Now I own an irrigation system. They will fill up with water if I have built it near the river.  The plains can be irrigated with water so that I can lay out a field here.  These will disappear, of course, if I tear down the pipe.
Passing planes should be able to notice me now and could send for help.  The SOS is especially easy to read on the beach.
Finally, I have a roof over my head. I can go to sleep here at any time. If I want to use this at night, I have to be in the immediate area when it gets dark (1800 hours or 6 p.m.)
Do you really want to exit the game? /z (The game will be saved automatically) /d 
End the game
Do you want to start a new game? /d 
Start new game
Would you like to begin the day over again? /d 
Suddenly, I'm feeling very strange.  I think that I'm dying...
Day /a is over now. I don't feel too well and probably won't survive through the night. 
Begin a new day
Turn on sound
Turn off sound
Sorry. No sound
